=== EMAIL ===
You recently attended a technology conference where you met Mr. Smith, a prominent industry expert. You found his presentation helpful and informative. You want to thank Mr. Smith for his presentation and request additional information on a topic he discussed.

Write an email to Mr. Smith. In your email, do the following:

- Mention what you found useful about his presentation.
- Request additional information about one of the topics he discussed
- Express your appreciation for his time and insights.

Write as much as you can and in complete sentences.

=== DISCUSSION ===
Your professor is teaching a class on media studies. Write a post responding to the professor’s question.

In your response, you should do the following.

- Express and support your opinion.
- Make a contribution to the discussion in your own words.

An effective response will contain at least 100 words.

Dr. Gupta

In today's world, the Internet floods us with news from countless sources. On one hand, this means we can access diverse viewpoints and stay updated instantly, which can broaden our understanding of the world. On the other hand, not all information is accurate, leading to confusion and, sometimes, false beliefs, which may deepen divisions among people. What do you think? Is the proliferation of online news sources making people more informed or contributing to misinformation and polarization?

Claire

I think sensationalized reporting online does more harm than good. Many outlets publish biased articles just to get clicks, and this can mislead readers and fuel division. News coverage is no longer focused on informing the consumer; it’s often more about what grabs attention, even if it is at the cost of accuracy and unity.

Paul

In my opinion, it’s up to individuals to learn how to navigate the sea of information better. We must learn to identify credible sources and ignore the rest. This skill is essential in today’s world. If we learn how to distinguish between what’s credible and what’s sensational and choose the credible sources, we eliminate the market for clickbait.

Cut Paste Undo Redo Hide Word Count 0
