=== EMAIL ===
You recently stayed at a resort during your semester break and enjoyed the overall experience. However, you encountered some issues with your stay. You want to provide feedback to the resort manager, Ms. Garcia, to address these concerns.

Write an email to Ms. Garcia. In your email, do the following:

- Mention what you enjoyed about your stay at the resort.
- Describe the issues you had with your stay.
- Suggest ways to improve the service.

Write as much as you can and in complete sentences.

=== DISCUSSION ===
Your professor is teaching a class on economics. Write a post responding to the professor’s question.

In your response, you should do the following:

- Express and support your opinion.
- Make a contribution to the discussion in your own words.

An effective response will contain at least 100 words.

Dr. Diaz

Fast fashion refers to the rapid production of inexpensive clothing for mass-market sales. Fast fashion allows consumers to buy trendy items at low prices and provides job opportunities in manufacturing countries. But critics argue that fast fashion leads to vast amounts of pollution in the form of discarded clothing, which harms the environment, and that workers experience poor working conditions. In your view, what would be the most effective solution to the problems associated with fast fashion?

I believe that laws should be created to hold fashion brands accountable for the problems their products create. This responsibility could push them to innovate and create new, environmentally friendly production methods. These innovations might not only reduce environmental damage but also improve conditions for workers.

Based on my experience, today’s consumers demand products that are made in environmentally and socially responsible ways. As a result, market forces are effective at getting companies to adopt better practices voluntarily. Consumer demand can encourage positive change without the need for strict accountability being imposed on clothing makers.
