=== EMAIL ===
You and your friend Jasmine are planning to host a fundraising event for your university's tennis team. You have thought about some activities for the event, but you need Jasmine's input to finalize the plans. You also want to discuss the best time to meet and work out the details.

Write an email to Jasmine. In your email, do the following:

- Describe the activities you propose for the fundraising event.
- Explain why you think these activities will be successful.
- Suggest a meeting to discuss the plans in more detail.

Write as much as you can and in complete sentences.

=== DISCUSSION ===
Your professor is teaching a class on educational technology. Write a post responding to the professor’s question.

In your response, you should do the following:

- Express and support your opinion.
- Make a contribution to the discussion in your own words.

An effective response will contain at least 100 words.

Dr. Diaz

We’ve been discussing the use of virtual reality (VR) in education. VR creates 3-dimensional, computer-simulated environments that people can interact with using electronic equipment such as goggles. Some educators argue that while VR technology can have some benefits, it can also have drawbacks. Do you think VR is a valuable tool in education? Why or why not?

VR is a valuable tool in education because it gives learners a chance to interact directly with concepts and tools. Instead of just reading about a topic, learners can have highly engaging experiences that enhance understanding and retention. Although it is expensive, investing in VR can be beneficial in the long run.

VR technology is not practical for widespread use in education due to its high cost. Many schools cannot afford it, which would lead to inequality in access. Even schools that can afford basic forms of VR do not have enough money for the most advanced and educationally valuable kinds of VR. Traditional teaching methods are more affordable and still effective.

Cut Paste Undo Redo Hide Word Count 0
