=== EMAIL ===
You are a member of a local community club that organizes monthly events, such as neighborhood clean-up days and guest-speaker nights. You attended the local university’s workshop on planning large community events and wanted to share what you learned with your local community club president, Ms. Jackson.

Write an email to Ms. Jackson. In your email, do the following:

- Mention what you enjoyed about the online workshop you attended.
- Explain how what you learned in the workshop can be applied to future events in your local club.
- Request a meeting to discuss further.

Write as much as you can and in complete sentences. Use your own words.

=== DISCUSSION ===
Your professor is teaching a class on education. Write a post responding to the professor’s question.

In your response, you should do the following:
- Express and support your opinion.
- Make a contribution to the discussion in your own words.

An effective response will contain at least 100 words.

Dr Gupta

Today we’ll discuss the benefits and drawbacks of online learning. Supporters of online learning believe that it offers flexibility and access to a wide range of courses. Critics, on the other hand, believe that online learning lacks the personal interaction and structure of traditional classrooms. In your opinion, which of these factors do you believe plays a larger role in the effectiveness of online learning? Why?

Claire

I think the flexibility and access to diverse courses would remove a significant barrier that often prevents students from furthering their education. That barrier is location. Online learning enables potential learners to explore specialized fields and skills that might not otherwise be available where they live.

Paul

I believe that the lack of personal interaction during online learning sessions can be detrimental to true learning. Traditional classrooms provide direct and immediate support from teachers that students don’t receive during online learning classes. A classroom teacher can respond to students and answer questions in real time, which is not always possible when taking online classes.

Cut Paste Undo Redo Hide Word Count 2

I think
